# Splash-Application-
Splash is a financial technology e-commerce platform...
A.)	 DESCRIPTION: Splash provides a way to allow people to deposit cryptocurrency and cash into one wallet in order to buy online products from an online marketplace. Our core values are: Safety, Efficiency, Security and Innovation. Not only will people be able to buy products from the online marketplace with cryptocurrency and cash they will be able to feel safe about it too because we utilize the distributed ledger to verify transactions. 
1.) 	Financial Technology API included within IOS App (Venmo, Paypal, SquareCash and Coinbase as payment methods)
	2.)	Product Placement Page(Sellers and and customers are able to buy and sell products
	3.)	Verified Transactions(Transactions are verified by the ‘distributed ledger’ which equates to security and safety for customers and marketplace sellers)
	4.) 	Digital Wallet(Money from Venmo, Paypal, SquareCash and Coinbase [Bitcoin, Etherium, Bitcoin Cash and Litecoin] are all compiled into the wallet which allows for a decentralized information approach for credit cards and bank information but allows for easy transactions and currency conversion.)
	5.) 	User Authentication(Users are authenticated currently utilizing a centralized method which may change in the future and transition to decentralized approach if blockchain can become scalable.)
	B.) 	PROBLEM: Cryptocurrency which is digital currency that gains value from data mining and online investors is not pushed to its fullest potential because it is not being utilize in the market. Governments, institutions, companies and banks have to much control over their information according to millions of users who use services on Facebook alongside other social media platforms but data from a research google form also suggest this. 
	C.) 	SOLUTION: Currently a mobile IOS application that allows customers to buy products from the online marketplace by depositing money into a digital wallet compiled from multiple cash flow streams such as Venmo, Paypal, SquareCash and Coinbase(For cryptocurrency)
	1.)	Cryptocurrency from Coinabase is converted into cash and compiled into one digital wallet alongside other deposited methods listed above. This allows for the cryptocurrency to function as a investment tool and customers adhere to this once they choose to deposit into the application.  
	2.)	The market and industry for Cryptocurrency can expand by allowing for the sell of products with the cryptocurrency after value conversion. 
	3.) 	Users can buy a larger volume of products from compiling from multiple cash streams which boost the sells of businesses and sellers that utilize our service .
	4.)	Developing of a distributed ledger that works much like existing systems of ‘what products were sold to who’ but is used for verification, safety and security. 
	D.)	INDUSTRY: Splash is within the e-commerce industry, internet, cryptocurrency and blockchain industry. 
	1.)	The market leaders or competitors consist of Amazon, Ebay and Alibaba in regards to products sold and customer volume pertaining to marketplace sellers and buyers. 
	2.)	There are few competitors currently in the blockchain space. Cryptocurrency is a new technology and in its infancy but has strong ROI and market practicality as demonstrated by Bitcoin. Cryptocurrencies are not technically in competition with each other. 
	3.)	We choose to create a mobile application before an online application because a larger volume of sales occur on mobile platforms instead of desktop platforms. China also has an eccomerce market valued over $600 billion. The B2B market is also worth more than the B2C market and because our platform utilizes cryptocurrency we believe that we can grow the cryptocurrency market with a centralized platform that utilizes multiple currencies alongside a distributed ledger. According to Cambridge university the total amount of people who use cryptocurrency is over 40 million this pales to the amount of people who use USD or non cryptocurrency to conduct transactions. 
	4.)	ANALYSIS: The market for cryptocurrency is expanding as more businesses and customers use it but their are not strong market leaders that are gathering new customers through inclusion of cryptocurrency and blockchain technology(as new safety). From conducted research if you have a ‘smart phone’ you are more likely to conduct transactions with currency on there. Many people prefer the service PayPal to conduct transactions but PayPal does not currently support digital currency. Because of the media conception and hype around Bitcoin before its ‘bust’ people are considering using cryptocurrency. There is also a 50/50 between square cash and PayPal as payment methods. SquareCash has over 10 million users but retains those users and continues to grow from a simple UI/UX design and fluid app flow alongside safety which may tie in to startup cost for Splash in order to indirectly compete with them. Majority of the transactions that occur within the payment services listed above are conducted within the US Market. This is why we believe that we have an upper hand on the competition because we offer customers a decentralized approach reflected from received data that people believe their is too much control over their information. We also believe that because we are offering the ability to use cryptcourency as a payment method for buying products (after its deposited and converted into cash through the digital wallet) we can grow its market and lead. Cryptocurrency is often liable to hacks and data breaches because of that we choose the option to have users convert their cryptocurrency into Cash equivalents. 
	5.)	STARTUP COST: Splash cost to launch will be based on cost to develop a ‘distributed ledger’ enabled platform that includes a digital wallet alongside an online marketplace. Data up keeping will be necessary and the goal upon launch is to be able to conduct 2,000 transactions in total from deposits to product sells. 
  HOW YOU CAN HELP
  This application needs to a online marketplace page, peer to peer payment system, digital wallet that allows for people to store money and a ditributed ledger(blockchain inclusion)
  If this project is successfully created then their will possibly be an ICO (Initial Coin Offering)
  The whole concept/idea is to have a cryptocurrency enabled platform that allows people to send cryptocurrency and recieve cryptocurrency from their peers with an online marketplace with products backed by the value of the cryptocurrency 
  Currently the platform is built for authentication with firebase and being developed in react-native. 
  The app ui interface thats currently developed within xcode needs to be ported over to react-native somehow.
  
